"Related article:Get help resetting your password
Note: If there's something different about how you're signing in, you might be asked to take more steps to confirm it's your account. Still can't get in? Consider creating a replacement Google Account.
Create a Gmail account To sign up for Gmail, create a Google Account. You can use the username and password to sign in to Gmail and other Google products like YouTube, Google Play, and Google Drive.Sign up for a Gmail account 1.Go to the Google Account creation page. 2.Follow the steps on the screen to set up your account. 3.Use the account you created to sign in to Gmail.
The username I want is taken You won't be able to get a certain Gmail address if the username you requested is: Already being used. Very similar to an existing username (for example, if example@gmail.com already exists, you can't use examp1e@gmail.com). The same as a username that someone used in the past and then deleted. Reserved by Google to prevent spam or abuse.
Someone is impersonating me If you believe someone has created a Gmail address to try to impersonate your identity, you can: File a report with the Internet Crime Complaint Center. Contact your state's Office of Consumer Protection. Unfortunately, Gmail is unable to participate in mediations involving third parties regarding impersonation. Learn more about Gmail Terms of Use.
Use Gmail for your business If you want to use Gmail for your business, a Google Workspace account might be better for you than a personal Google Account. Google Workspace starts at $6 per user per month and includes the following: A professional, ad-free Gmail account using your company’s domain name, such as susan@example.com.Ownership of employee accounts so you are always in control of your company’s accounts, emails, and files. 24/7 phone, email, and chat support from a real person.Increased Gmail and Google Drive storage.Mobile device management to keep your data secure, such as the ability to remotely wipe lost devices.Advanced security and administrative controls. Move from Inbox to Gmail. As Gmail continues to improve, we’re working to bring the best features over from Inbox. In Gmail, you’ll find workflows that are similar to your favorite ones in Inbox.Note: Support for Inbox ended in March 2019. Want to get more out of Google apps at work or school?  Sign up for a Google Workspace trial at no charge.Use Inbox features in Gmail Some of Inbox's popular features have been added to Gmail. Snooze emails: Postpone emails to a future date or time that's more convenient for you. Learn how to snooze emails in Gmail.Follow-ups (nudges): Gmail occasionally moves old emails to the top of your inbox with a suggestion to reply or follow up. Learn how to show or hide these nudges to follow up. Hover actions: On your computer, you can point to emails in your inbox and quickly take action, like archiving or marking as read, without opening the email. Smart Reply: Quickly reply to an email using suggested phrases that appear based on the email you received. Learn how to use Smart Reply. Try Gmail experiences similar to Inbox Gmail has many features to help you manage your email in similar ways to Inbox. If you used pins, bundles, or reminders in Inbox, here’s what you can do in Gmail:Pin emails" Bundles Reminders Get more out of Gmail Learn what’s new in Gmail: We recently introduced a new Gmail experience for all our users, and we’ll continue to add new features. Use other Google products with Gmail: You can use Gmail with Calendar, Keep, Tasks, and other tools side by side on your computer. Try experimental features in Gmail: You can test and share feedback about experimental features before they get released.
Reset your password Follow the steps to recover your account. You'll be asked some questions to confirm it's your account and an email will be sent to you. If you don’t get an email: Check your Spam or Bulk Mail folders.Add noreply@google.com to your address book.To request another email, follow the steps to recover your account .Check all email addresses you might've used to sign up or sign in to your account.
2. Choose a password that you haven't already used with this account. Learn how to create a strong password. What happens after you change your password If you change or reset your password, you’ll be signed out everywhere except:Devices you use to verify that it's you when you sign in. Some devices with third-party apps that you've given account access.Learn how to remove an app's access to your account.Helpful home devices that you've given account access. Learn how to unlink these devices from your Google Account.
Dots don't matter in Gmail addresses If someone accidentally adds dots to your address when emailing you, you'll still get that email. For example, if your email is johnsmith@gmail.com, you own all dotted versions of your address:john.smith@gmail.com jo.hn.sm.ith@gmail.com j.o.h.n.s.m.i.t.h@gmail.com Note: If you use Gmail through work, school, or other organization (like yourdomain.com or yourschool.edu), dots do change your address. To change the dots in your username, contact your admin. Delete your Gmail service If you don't want your Gmail address and emails anymore, you can remove them from your Google Account. Deleting them won't delete your entire Google Account.What happens when you delete your Gmail service Your emails and mail settings will be deleted.You can no longer use your Gmail address to send or receive email. If you change your mind, you may be able to get your Gmail address back.Your Gmail address can’t be used by anyone else in the future. Your Google Account won’t be deleted; only your Gmail service will be removed. You’ll still have your activity and purchases you made on Google Play.
Computer AndroidiPhone & iPad Delete Gmail If you use Gmail through your work, school, or other group, contact your administrator. Before deleting your Gmail service, download your data. Go to your Google Account. On the left, click Data & privacy. Scroll to "Data from apps and services you use." Under "Download or delete your data," click Delete a Google service. You may need to sign in. Next to "Gmail," click Delete .Enter an existing email address you want to sign in with and click Send verification email. This email can't be a Gmail address. To verify your existing email address, you get an email at the existing email address. Until you verify the new email address, your Gmail address won't be deleted. Note: If you use the Gmail Offline app, you will also need to clear your browser's cache and cookies. See someone's contact information You can see details about people from your messages, like their phone number or email address. Android iPhone & iPad Find someone's contact information in an email. On your Android phone or tablet, open the Gmail app . Open an email with the person whose details you want to know. At the top left of the email, tap the profile picture. Find someone's contact information while composing an email On your Android phone or tablet, open the Gmail app . Tap Compose. Enter the email address of the person whose details you want to know. Tap Enter or select the email address from the suggested list. Tap the email address. In the new menu, tap the profile picture. Turn on keyboard shortcuts Some keyboard shortcuts only work if you've turned them on. Note: Keyboard shortcuts aren't supported on all keyboards.
On a computer, go to Gmail. In the top right, click Settings   See all settings.Click Settings. Scroll down to the "Keyboard shortcuts" section.Select Keyboard shortcuts on. At the bottom of the page, click Save Changes. Shortcuts you can use You can use keyboard shortcuts to navigate your inbox and messages, format text, and complete actions like archiving and deleting. To see a complete list of keyboard shortcuts, including which need to be turned on, type ? when you have Gmail open. Note: Keyboard shortcuts work differently on PC and Mac computers. On PCs, you'll use Ctrl instead of . Change your Gmail profile picture
You can choose a photo to set as your Gmail profile picture. This image shows up when someone sees your name in their email inbox or chat list. If they use an iPhone or iPad, the image may also appear in the notifications of incoming chat messages you send them. Your Gmail profile picture is the same as your Google Account picture. Learn how to change your Google Account name and other info.
Want to get more out of Google apps at work or school?  Sign up for a Google Workspace trial at no charge. Computer AndroidiPhone & iPad  Change your picture On your computer, open Gmail.
At the top right, click your Profile picture  Manage your Google Account.
On the left, click Personal info. On the right, under “Photo,” select your Profile picture. Your profile picture displays. Follow the on-screen prompts to choose or take a photo. Click Set Profile Photo.
Find an old profile picture On your computer, open Gmail. At the top right, click your Profile picture  Manage your Google Account. On the left, click Personal info. On the right, under “Photo,” select your Profile picture. Your profile picture displays. At the top right, click More   Past profile pictures. Smart features & controls in Google products You can control how your email, chat, and video content and related data about how you use these products is: Used in Gmail, Chat, and Meet Shared with other Google products The control covers smart features in Gmail, Chat, and Meet that may use your data to improve the models that power smart features, including: Automatic email filters and categories Smart Compose and Smart Reply in email Smart Compose in Chat Email nudges and high-priority notices Find & manage your trips in Gmail Event details used to create calendar events Writing and intelligent search suggestions Smart features in other Google products that may use your Gmail, Chat, and Meet data include:Reminders for bill due dates Restaurant reservations and pickup orders on Google Maps Travel info based on confirmation emailsUse loyalty cards in Google Pay Suggested offline maps for travel Cloud search showing search results from Gmail If you're in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the U.K., or Japan, the above settings are turned off by default. You must turn on settings in Gmail and other affected Google products to make them work. Use the instructions below to set up these options in Gmail. Please note that even if you have turned off the smart features in Gmail, Chat, and Meet control, some smart features with individual on/off settings are still available. These features do not use opted-out user data to improve the models that power them. Examples include: Conversation summary Smart reply in Chat
Computer AndroidiPhone & iPad Change smart features & personalization settings Important: Changes to the settings on Gmail web also apply to your Gmail mobile app. If you’re on the mobile Gmail app, but don’t get a message about the changes, update your app. Not all changes made on your computer are reflected in your mobile app. For Gmail, Chat, and Meet: Go to Gmail. Click Settings   See all settings. In the “General” tab, scroll to “Smart features and personalization.” To turn smart features on or off, check or uncheck the box. For other Google products: Go to Gmail. Click Settings   See all settings. In the “General” tab, scroll to “Smart features and personalization in other Google products.” To turn data sharing for other products on or off, check or uncheck the box.
Try experimental features in Gmail
Experimental features are pre-releases that you can turn on to test and share feedback about. You can opt in to experimental features in your Gmail settings.
Want to get more out of Google apps at work or school?  Sign up for a Google Workspace trial at no charge.
Get access to experimental features
You can only turn on access to experimental features from your computer using the new Gmail.
Note: Google does not offer any support for experimental features. Google reserves the right to change these services or even remove them at any time. 
To turn on Experimental Access, you'll need to use your computer.  In the top right corner, click Settings   See all settings. If you haven’t started using the new Gmail yet, click Try the new Gmail. Under “General,” scroll to Experimental Access. Check the box next to "Enable experimental access." At the bottom of the page, click Save changes.
Now, you have access to experimental features. Change settings for experimental features When you have access to experimental features, you’ll be able to customize the settings for each from the Settings. To change settings for experimental features: In the top right corner, click Settings   See all settings. If you haven’t started using the new Gmail yet, click Try the new Gmail. Under “General,” scroll to look for the features that have the experiment icon. Next to each feature, click choose to turn it on or off. Available experiments  We currently don’t have any experiments that are active now. Keep your “Experimental access” turned on to try new features as they become available. Open Gmail. In the top right, click Settings .
Click Settings.In the "Language" section, pick a language from the drop-down menu.At the bottom of the page, click Save Changes.
Type in another language You can type in languages like Hindi, Arabic, or Chinese using input tools, including special keyboards. There are different types of input tools for different languages.
Open Gmail. You can only use input tools from a browser and not the Gmail app.
In the top right, click Settings .
Click Settings.
In the "Language" section, click Show all language options.
Check the box next to "Enable input tools."
Pick the languages with which you want to use input tools, and what kind of keyboard you want to use.
Click OK.
At the bottom of the page, click Save Changes.
Open your inbox.
In the top right next to Settings , click the language icon. If you have multiple input tools, use the down arrow to switch among them.
Change the direction of the text
Open Gmail. You can only use input tools from a browser and not the Gmail app.
In the top right, click Settings .Click Settings.
In the "Language" section, click Right-to-left editing support on. At the bottom of the page, click Save Changes.
When you start a new email, you'll need to change the direction again. In the bottom left of the compose window, click Formatting options  Right-to-left.
Fix garbled text in emails If you’re seeing letters from the wrong language in your emails, you’ll need to change a setting.Open your browser, like Internet Explorer or Firefox.
At the top of your browser, select View  Encoding (Internet Explorer) or Text Encoding (Safari, Firefox).
